Uncle handsome, we meet again
Boy, are we really destined?
Uncle handsome, my mother was hired by Shanfeng Group
Thank you, you are so kind
Don't thank me, that's right.
Why are you alone today?
My mom is too busy to play with me
If only I had a father
I have never met the mother of this child
This child is also poor.
Children, since we are so fated
How about I be your godfather?
Really? Hmm?
Godfather hey
So good, this is a meet and greet gift from Dad just now.
Take it
My mom said you can't take other people's things indiscriminately.
Since I'm your godfather
I'm no longer an outsider
Take it oops
Thank you goddad
My mom said that when someone gives you a gift, you have to return it.
This is a gift from my father to my mother
I'll give him to you.
Why does this cannon look so familiar?
Ok, I'll take it.
This is my business card
You want to play with me in the future
Remember to call the number above, you know?
Thank you goddad
Silence I have to go
Mom will be angry if you don't leave
silently
Let's go
It turned out that Silence was the child of Su Ran's friend